Dataset size = 987
A mother revealed to her child in a letter after her death that she had just one eye because she had donated the other to him.
Processed 1 claims.
Study says too many Americans still drink too much.
Viral image Says 80% of novel coronavirus cases are "mild.
An email says that 9-year old Craig Shergold of Carshalton, Great Britain is dying of Cancer.  As a dying wish, he wants to get into the Guinness Book of World Records by collecting the most greeting cards of anybody in history.  The email asks that the cards be sent to an address of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.  
Roche's schizophrenia drug misses goal in two late-stage trials.
Doctors end protest to demand flu vaccines for migrants.
New Chemo Drug May Benefit Some Breast Cancer Patients
Jury finding upends Bayer's Roundup defense strategy: experts.
The media covered up an incident in San Bernardino during which several Muslim men fired upon a number of Californian hikers.
The mayonnaise oozing from a chicken sandwich turned out to be pus from a tumor in the chicken.
Lawmakers consider spending, saving $128.5 million surplus.
A film producer claimed actor Kevin Spacey had "drugged and raped" Justin Bieber.
Public warned of possible measles exposure in Pennsylvania.
“While California is dying … Gavin (Newsom) is vacationing in Stevensville, MT!”
Britain backs GSK's gene therapy for 'bubble boy' syndrome.
Queen Elizabeth II wore a Burmese Ruby Tiara as a slight against U.S. President Donald Trump.
South Korea court strikes down abortion law in landmark ruling.
Houston reports 3 teens treated for vape-related lung issues.
Scientists look to stem cells to mend broken hearts
Study suggests a second LDL test
Scientists debate cause of dolphin deaths.
A lot of the problems with forest fires ... is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
United States President Donald Trump tweeted ""it is unbelievable that President Obama criticized me for the coronavirus response" and "he had 8 years to 'prepair' the next president for a pandemic and he failed.
Artificial Pancreas Continues to Show Promise
Obamacare "cuts seniors’ Medicare.
Evacuation plan 'out the window' when fire hit California town.
Treating First Time Shoulder Dislocations with Surgery Can Benefit Young Athletes, Study Shows
Novartis hopeful for novel heart drug, despite 'modest' benefit
People can fly with dogs, pot-bellied pigs, turkeys, monkeys, and miniature horses if they claim that their pets are emotional support animals.
Gabon president fires VP, forests minister over hardwood scandal.
Prince Harry joins Elton John to launch HIV campaign targeting men.
Suicide kills one person every 40 seconds, says WHO.
Photographs show a boy having his arm crushed under a truck as a punishment for stealing bread.
Hospitals plan for 'COVID cabanas,' conference rooms to house patients.
Castration Drug Used as Autism Therapy
 A forwarded email that blames President Obama   for delays in the rescue of Richard Phillips, the captain of the ship   named the Maersk Alabama, which was taken over by pirates off the coast   of the African country of Somalia. It claims that Obama delayed the   deployment of Navy Seals by 36 hours and limited the rules of engagement   so the rescuers could not act unless Captain Phillips’ life was imminent   danger.      
A Time magazine cover from 1977 with the title “The Big Freeze” is an example of media fearmongering over  “global cooling” in the 1970s.
Wyoming QB Allen still day-to-day on injury.
Strobe lighting provides a flicker of hope in the fight against Alzheimer’s
Trump vows 'major' steps to aid U.S. economy amid coronavirus rise.
Accepting a friend request from a stranger will provide hackers with access to your computer and online accounts.
Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border.
Indiana city in jeopardy of losing animal health business.
Suzanne Somers advocates ‘natural’ approach when treating menopause
Heparin recalled in France, Italy, Denmark: report.
Experimental Drug Raises Good Cholesterol Levels in Early Trial
One in 10 babies born in this country is born in Texas.
Too many people missing out on health benefits of golf, says expert panel
Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain.
A few drops of Visine brand eye drops taken internally will induce uncontrollable diarrhea.
FDA Approves Bayer's Kyleena™ (Levonorgestrel-Releasing Intrauterine System) 19.5 mg for Prevention of Pregnancy for up to Five Years
Nebraska Sen. Bolz to run for 1st Congressional District.
Charlie Crist Says Rick Scott signed "laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
UN: Nearly a half-billion in Asia-Pacific still going hungry.
New York hospital sends some 'borderline' COVID-19 patients home with oxygen monitors.
Fitness experts separate folklore from fact.
Donald Trump Says the USMCA is the “biggest trade deal ever made.”
Women in the United States are 50 percent more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes compared to their mothers.
Expert Panel Reaffirms Need for Colon Cancer Screen Beginning at Age 50
Okposo says he’s healthy after concussion put him in ICU.
To reverse damage of sitting, take a brisk, hour-long walk
Idaho officials say cat has rabies, first case in decades.
A teenage schoolgirl in Texas became pregnant through a flu vaccination.
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly)" is the "DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
2 Aussie wildfires merge into inferno; man seriously burned.
Lamont fills top public health, insurance agency jobs.
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
CVI: The impairment affecting children whose eyes are fine.
Leticia Van de Putte "voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care--not emergency health care but total free health care.
Immigration authorities are taking rosaries away from immigrants at the border.
Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
5 convicted in meningitis outbreak case; 1 acquitted.
A list compiles Andy Rooney's wry observations on a variety of topics.
“The flu killed 80,000 Americans last year according to the CDC.”
Taiwan's 'holy pig' festival cruel, says rights group.
An image shows reported cases of "flesh eating bacteria" in 2019.
Some grocery store receipts contain chemicals linked to infertility and hormone-related cancers.
FDA advisory panel backs Merck's blood clot-preventing drug.
Over a dozen arrests in SC following 4th Poor People’s Rally.
The Black Panther Party created the Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) program that provides supplemental food assistance to single mothers and their children.
A photograph shows a dead man whose unwitting co-workers arranged a "funny selfie," believing he was just sleeping.
Swiss police arrest "healer" accused of infecting 16 with HIV.
NASA and NOAA faked climate data in the GISTEMP global temperature record to exaggerate global warming. 
A photo shows Democratic U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi posing and smiling in front of a Trump 2020 sign.
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, "has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population.
Merck wins UK okay for Keytruda in lung cancer after price cut.
In the last six years of Cianci’s administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
Many younger U.S. adults skipping flu shots: report.
The FDA has updated its warnings for — and recommended limitations on — prescribing a class of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones, citing potentially irreversible side-effects including tendon damage and rupture.
The WHO coronavirus test “was a bad test.”
On September 18 2020, Twitter user @JohnCammo tweeted that President Trump's "October Surprise" would involve a positive test result.
On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
Tougher vaccine rules move forward in California.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9593, Requested 543. Please try again in 816ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Facebook post Says "there is no" COVID-19 virus.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9513, Requested 543. Please try again in 336ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Drug Policy Alliance Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
French breast implant boss arrested.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9461, Requested 540. Please try again in 6ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
The Healthy Skeptic: Products make testosterone claims
Oregon 2nd-grader diagnosed with meningococcal meningitis.
Blood Test May Predict Rheumatoid Arthritis
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9589, Requested 542. Please try again in 786ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
'Female Viagra' gets mixed reviews
Processed 101 claims.
U.S. coronavirus supply spree sparks outrage among allies.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9593, Requested 546. Please try again in 834ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Facebook post Says businesses will give you free baby formula during the coronavirus outbreak.
The IRS is going to be "in charge" of "a huge national database" on health care that will include Americans’ "personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets.
Dr. Deborah Birx said at a press conference concerning testing for COVID-19 that "At $50 a test, it wasn’t enough to hire another technician to run the machine full-time. So at $100 a test, it is.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9481, Requested 581. Please try again in 372ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
The real Hillary Clinton has been dead since 1998 and was replaced with a clone.
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law "their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
Humira Provides Effective, Non-Steroid Alternative for Eye Inflammation
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9661, Requested 549. Please try again in 1.26s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
HIV-positive basketball star Earvin "Magic" Johnson donated blood to patients with leukemia. 
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9514, Requested 554. Please try again in 408ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Menopause 'hot flash' medicine could cut symptom by three quarters, trial shows
In February and March 2018, hundreds of Canadian doctors signed a petition asking for the cancellation of pay deals from which they would personally benefit.
Blood test may identify gestational diabetes risk in first trimester
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9495, Requested 548. Please try again in 258ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
U.S. ‘wasted’ months before preparing for virus pandemic.
An habitual alcohol abuser lost his penis to frostbite after a drunken sexual encounter with a snowman.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9464, Requested 557. Please try again in 125ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Ebola is real, Congo president tells skeptical population.
New breast cancer screening guidelines at odds with Congress
A video investigation showed that Planned Parenthood lies about providing prenatal care.
Wyeth Wins U.S. OK to Sell Pristiq for Depression.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9694, Requested 544. Please try again in 1.428s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Jury clears J&J of liability in New Jersey talc cancer case.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9491, Requested 546. Please try again in 222ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
More women are victims of domestic violence on Super Bowl Sunday than on any other day of the year.
An "abortion procedure is actually safer than a vasectomy.
Dick Black Says Jill McCabe "supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9469, Requested 555. Please try again in 144ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Donald Trump Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims "agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
In 2019, California education authorities formulated a policy that, if implemented, would force parents to allow their children to be taught that "there are 15 genders.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9578, Requested 573. Please try again in 906ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Trading tires: How the West fuels a waste crisis in Asia.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9491, Requested 545. Please try again in 216ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
A Russian asbestos company placed a seal with the face of President Donald Trump on their product with the note "Approved by Donald Trump, 45th President of the United States.
A video shows the fluff of poplar trees burning across a field in Spain. 
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9542, Requested 549. Please try again in 546ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
US biologists eye unusual deaths of Alaska ice seals.
States look to lower drug costs, consider Canadian imports.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9568, Requested 546. Please try again in 684ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Malaysia vaccinating for polio after first case in 27 years .
Biogen's secret campaign to bring its Alzheimer's drug back from the ashes.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9689, Requested 550. Please try again in 1.434s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Officials worry about Nebraska children’s health care fund.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9502, Requested 546. Please try again in 288ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, "Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service.
The snakehead fish can survive on land. 
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9502, Requested 541. Please try again in 258ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
WWE wrestler Ric Flair was declared brain dead on 16 May 2019. 
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9463, Requested 547. Please try again in 60ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Pulsed radiofrequency relieves acute back pain and sciatica
The government "knowingly" injected a birth defect-inducing vaccine into epidurals between 2010 and 2014 to hurt Black women
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9485, Requested 562. Please try again in 282ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
China reports one more H7N9 bird flu death.
A 31-year-old Cincinnati woman was taken to the hospital after the 14-month-old toddler she was babysitting got stuck in her vaginal cavity.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9543, Requested 566. Please try again in 654ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Johns Hopkins Hospital issued a "cancer update" detailing how cancer spreads and recommending methods for treating the disease.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9449, Requested 563. Please try again in 72ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Japan defends cautious approach on coronavirus testing amid concerns.
Claims of virgin births in U.S. near 1 percent: study.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9547, Requested 545. Please try again in 552ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Mobile clinics seen as way to cut U.S. health bill.
Chance the Rapper giving $1M to boost mental health services.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9580, Requested 546. Please try again in 756ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
New nonprofit tackles COVID-19 in Native, rural communities.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9465, Requested 546. Please try again in 66ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
VW ramps up China electric car factories, taking aim at Tesla.
Britain gives scientist go-ahead to genetically modify human embryos.
U.S. Representatives Rashid Tlaib and Ilhan Omar co-sponsored legislation to recognize Muslim holidays as federal holidays.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9552, Requested 562. Please try again in 684ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Donald Trump Jr. tweeted, "Do you know what's deplorable? Being impeached!" to the Clintons in September 2016.
New drugs show rare promise against advanced breast cancer.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9518, Requested 546. Please try again in 384ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
House protects pizza as a vegetable.
Penn study: Pay patients to take their pills
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9474, Requested 542. Please try again in 96ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Ken Paxton Says Barack Obama "acknowledged over 20 times" that his administration’s Deferred Action for Parents of Americans "immigration edict was a violation of law and the separation of powers.
Big Island hospital struck by outbreak of scabies.
Tuberculosis infection found at University of Mississippi.
The Affordable Care Act says that "at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. …  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age.
‘Critical moment’ for firms amid retirements, opioid crisis.
Eating more fish could prevent Parkinson's disease
Eleven states have banned the use of electronic cigarettes inside cars.
The coronavirus has seen a “big surge in New Zealand. It's terrible. We don't want that.
Shows a waitress saying, "I lost my job. But I'll sleep better knowing” that the coronavirus relief bill included funding for the Kennedy Center, refugee resettlement, PBS, and congressional salaries: “Thanks, Democrats”
A video shows two people waving guns at protesters in front of their home. 
Canadians worried by plan to let Americans import drugs.
Breast-Feeding Linked to Reduced Risk of Preemie Eye Problem
Robotic surgeries costlier but safer: study
On Syria, "a lot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
A photograph shows the Arch of Baal erected on the National Mall in Washington, D.C.
There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people.
Testosterone gel linked to heart problems.
Waste not, want not: P&G venture aims to squeeze new life out of Italy's dirty diapers.
Mike Pence Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
Ohio officials say tick-borne Lyme Disease still a threat.
Missouri faces vaccination hesitancy amid measles case.
Southeast Asian nations, among worst ocean polluters, aim to curb plastic debris.
The use of cellular phones poses a danger of touching off explosions at gas stations
Britain to complete plan next year to reach net zero transport emissions.
Senators: Double funding for universal flu vaccine research.
Jury awards more than $70M to woman in baby powder lawsuit.
Thailand reports new coronavirus death as total cases reach 1,245.
Democrats push new $3T coronavirus relief bill through House.
Students at Emory University were offered "emergency counseling" after pro-Trump graffiti appeared overnight in campus "safe spaces.
President Donald Trump has targeted the family of California Senate President Pro Tempore Kevin de León for deportation.
Massachusetts lawmakers weigh ‘Medicare for all’ bill.
Dr. Leon Eisenberg, the ‘father’ of ADHD, said just before his death that ADHD ‘is a prime example of a fictitious disease.’
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9526, Requested 564. Please try again in 540ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
The term "Black Friday" originated with the practice of selling off slaves on the day after Thanksgiving.
Judge considers Hammond Ranches grazing permit.
China to ban smoking at indoor public places.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9704, Requested 542. Please try again in 1.476s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9579, Requested 552. Please try again in 786ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
This Blood Test Could Help Predict If A Pregnancy Is At Risk For Premature Labor
US lawmaker opposes drilling permit work during shutdown.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9538, Requested 545. Please try again in 498ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Planned Parenthood funding in Texas at stake in hearing.
VA will provide in-home care for Iraq veteran.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9614, Requested 543. Please try again in 941ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
 Hillary Clinton was forced to cancel a campaign event after a video showed her making lizard-like “bizarre eye movements” that prove she’s suffering the lingering effects of head trauma. 
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9488, Requested 580. Please try again in 408ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Chondroitin of little help for arthritis, study says
Partial rather than full knee replacements better for many – report
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9551, Requested 548. Please try again in 594ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
French foie gras makers worry as bird flu spreads in Europe.
Arizona State Senate candidate Bobby Wilson fatally shot his mother in 1963.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9569, Requested 550. Please try again in 714ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition" that could affect their health care coverage.
An increase in documented cases of people "scromiting" (screaming while vomiting) is linked to chronic heavy marijuana use.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9549, Requested 562. Please try again in 666ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
 Pro-life activists say Girl Scout cookie sales benefit Planned Parenthood and have called for a boycott.  
Processed 201 claims.
Authorities in Kenya warned of a new outbreak of HPV that spreads through kissing and is deadlier than HIV/Aids.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9537, Requested 559. Please try again in 576ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
FDA launching major anti-tobacco campaign aimed at youth.
There's a promising new HIV vaccine candidate in the pipeline
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9491, Requested 546. Please try again in 222ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
Hillary Clinton threw a tantrum, and a water glass, after NBC's "Commander-in-Chief" Forum in September 2016.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9470, Requested 558. Please try again in 168ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Quarter of passengers on British cruise ship fall sick with norovirus.
Statins tied to lower risk of fatal prostate cancer
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9556, Requested 544. Please try again in 600ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense.
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, "there were days where folks couldn't go outside. … because of all the pollution in the air.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9429, Requested 572. Please try again in 6ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Migraine drug could halve the length of attacks, study shows
Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9511, Requested 548. Please try again in 354ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
Ed Garvey Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
Cancer risk seen with J&J foot gel: FDA.
Chat error: Rate limit reached for gpt-4 in organization org-dU9lJWbqr01umgRgiPWaPEoZ on tokens per min (TPM): Limit 10000, Used 9503, Requested 541. Please try again in 264ms. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more.
The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care.
Nestle recalls batch of Alfamino infant formula in Germany.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
US OKs Medicaid funds for large mental health facilities.
“The NFL agreed to give the domestic terror group, BLM, 250 million dollars.”
China heads into Lunar New Year on shutdown as virus spreads to Europe.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
  The story of a jazz             musician named Tommy who went through a personal tragedy that led to             his writing the song “Precious Lord Take My Hand.”             He was Tommy Dorsey, the great trombonist and band leader.    
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
 A letter by Dr. Keith Albow said President Trump is “stone cold sane” and that “there’s a genius in the Oval Office” in response to critics who have questioned the president’s mental fitness. 
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
 A warning about a chemical   called benzene that is linked to cancer such as leukemia .  The   warning says that benzene can build up inside parked automobiles and   suggests that drivers roll down   their windows to ventilate the car’s interior prior to switching on   the air conditioner.      
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Women who quit hormone therapy still live with cancer risk
World must prepare for inevitable next flu pandemic, WHO says.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
Chat error: You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors.
